Privacy Policy

Maple Leaf Dev doing business as ML Family ("Maple Leaf Dev", the “Company”, “We/us” or "ML Family") really respects your privacy, exactly as it is declared in company privacy policy. ML Family wants you to feel secure when visiting our website and providing information to us. ML Family will only gather your personal information with your consent.

This Privacy Policy has been prepared to inform you of the information we gather and how we use it. This Privacy Policy applies to all ML Family products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, websites and agreements that display, mention or link to this Privacy Policy. Some information may also be collected offline, and this Policy applies to the offline data collection as well.

What we collect:

Generally, you may use our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or visit our websites without providing any personal information or identifying yourself. We only collect customer information via the \"opt-in\" method, where visitors or customers must affirmatively elect to provide ML Family with their information.

In order to provide you with relevant information, respond to your requests, and increase the benefits that you receive from our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or website, we sometimes request that you provide us with information about yourself. ML Family requests customer information at various locations on our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or website, www.ml-family.com, including product registration areas, promotional sign-up areas, and newsletter registration areas. The type of information collected may include standard contact information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and technical or demographic information."

Generally, you may use our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or visit our websites without providing any personal information or identifying yourself. We only collect customer information via the "opt-in" method, where visitors or customers must affirmatively elect to provide ML Family with their information. In order to provide you with relevant information, respond to your requests, and increase the benefits that you receive from our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or website, we sometimes request that you provide us with information about yourself. ML Family requests customer information at various locations on our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or website, www.ml-family.com, including product registration areas, promotional sign-up areas, and newsletter registration areas. The type of information collected may include standard contact information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and technical or demographic information. Our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services or website may also collect certain information, such as search queries, page addresses, performance, search term, IP address, browser type, language setting, and other information about your visit and your behavior while visiting our website or while using our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, including the date and time of your access, the pages you have accessed and the name of the Internet Service Provider and/or Internet Protocol Address by which you are accessing the Internet, and the Internet address(es) from which you linked to our website, if applicable. This information is used to better understand how our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services our website is being used in order to improve the quality of our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services and website, and to enable us to comply with agreements between ML Family and referring or linked websites, products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services. In addition, our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services periodically contact our servers and servers of our partners, servers of components used in our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services to request automatic updates to the latest version, and as part of this request sends the unique application numbers along with optional Toolbar usage and configuration statistics.

You may have access to personal and professional data of Other Users (in particular, users of the devices where/for which ML Family products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website is used and/or installed) when You interact with ML Family products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website. The data must be used by You in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and all of the terms and conditions of our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website and only for the purposes of our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website, or otherwise with the consent of the Other Users or/and as permitted by applicable law. You must protect the confidentiality of Your any Other Users data and prevent access by any other unauthorized individuals. You must maintain the security of your account by not sharing your username or password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer. You must not transfer, send, submit or publish any Other Users personal data relating to any unauthorized (by that Other Users or this Policy Policy) users.

How we use your information:

We use this information to customize your products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website experience by delivering the content and information that we believe would be of interest to you. This information is also used to inform you of the latest ML Family developments, including new product releases, upgrades, special offers and other relevant information.

The information we collect is intended for ML Family business purposes only. In certain instances, we may make your information available to third parties that are providing services on our behalf. ML Family will only provide those third parties with information that is necessary for them to perform the services and who have agreed to take measures to protect your information that are at least as stringent as the measures that we take ourselves. We may also disclose your information to our business partners, for marketing and other business purposes, and as a result we or our business partners may communicate with you from time to time via email, telephone or physical mail. If at any time you tell us that you no longer wish to receive these communications, they will be halted promptly. ML Family is a global company with customers and partners in over the world. Accordingly, any personal information we may collect may be used, stored and processed in the United States or in other countries where ML Family or our business partners have offices in or does business. By providing information to ML Family, you are consenting to the transfer of the information outside of your respective country to any other country throughout the world.

ML Family may disclose information that has been collected from you if we are required to do so by law or to protect the rights of ML Family, its employees or its business partners.

Certain ML Family products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website contain features that permit file sharing or synchronization with other users of ML Family products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services. If use these features, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you consent to the disclosure of the transferred information to the recipient, (ii) the transfer (and the transferred information) is in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the ML Family Software and Services, (iii) ML Family is not responsible for the transferred content or for the complete, accurate or error-free transfer itself.

Removal procedures:

As all information is collected via opt-in methods, we believe all information you receive from ML Family will be relevant to your computing needs. However, if you do not wish to receive communications of a certain type from ML Family, simply click “unsubscribe from this list” link at the footer of an email from ML Family and then click “Submit” button. You can also change and/or update your profile including your contact information, to do so simply click “update your profile” link at the footer of an email from ML Family.

Cookies:

www.ML Family.com utilizes cookies (small amounts of data stored by your Web browser on your hard drive) to help enable us to offer you more personal and customized content and service. These cookies, which may be offered by third parties, also allow ML Family to track usage patterns and allow us to continuously improve and manage our website and deliver content that is specific to your interests. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most Web browsers accept cookies by default, but if you choose not to accept them, you can simply change your browser settings. If you decline to accept cookies, you may not receive the full benefits that our website has to offer. To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partners, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.

Security

ML Family strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choice for its intended use. We have taken steps to secure and safeguard the information that we collect online, including the use of proven and effective security solutions, including SSL. However, the internet is an open forum and data may flow across multiple networks with inferior or no security measures, and therefore information may possibly be accessed by third parties other than those you intend to access it.

You must inform us about any problem in relation with Your and Other User data usage, distribution, access, and other actions performed by unauthorized users. You are responsible for any unlawful use/processing of Other User’s personal data, including any use in violation of the laws, this Privacy Policy and all of the terms and conditions of our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services.

Our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website provide device data monitoring and controlling services, as described in this Privacy Policy, and all of the terms and conditions of our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services. Significant amounts of personal data may be collected and transmitted by our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website to our servers or servers of our partners, including Your and Other Users data. You are responsible for configuring the monitoring and controlling services in your account and/or in the product (application, plug-in, add-on, etc.), which will determine instructions to us to process data from You and Other Users. The monitoring and controlling are under your responsibility and ML Family will not be liable for any configuration and control. You agree to take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.

You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, damages and losses we may suffer relating to or arising from the information you and devices used by users provide to us including other user’s data submitted to our systems during the course of use of ML Family products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, website provide device data monitoring and controlling services, as described in this policy, and/or End User License Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions of our products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms and services, and pay any administration fee we may charge you for providing the services described in this policy.

Business Relationships:

Our website, products, applications, plug-ins, add-ons, platforms, services, may contain links to other websites or logos from other companies. ML Family is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any such websites."

Forums:

Portions of website make forums and message boards available to its visitors. ANY AND ALL INFORMATION THAT IS DISCLOSED IN THESE AREAS BECOMES PUBLIC INFORMATION AND ML-FAMILY IS NOT OBLIGATED TO ENSURE THE PRIVACY OF THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE USE APPROPRIATE DISCRETION AND CAUTION WHEN DECIDING TO DISCLOSE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION."

Contacting ML Family:

If after reading this policy, you have any questions about ML Family's Privacy Policy, please, submit your questions to ML Family Customer Service by email: support@ml-family.com. ML Family may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to you, and each such update or modification becomes applicable immediately upon publication. Please review this notice often so that you can be aware of our latest policies on privacy and collection of personal information. Your continued use and visitation of the ML Family websites constitutes your consent to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.
